First and still incomplete documentation for the Modernizaiton Toolkit (#3611)
vaadin/docs: articles/tools/modernization-toolkit/index.adoc

---
title: Modernization Toolkit
description: Get your modernization project done faster
section-nav: commercial
order: 3
---

= Modernization Toolkit

:commercial-feature: Modernization Toolkit
:kit-trial: false
include::{articles}/_commercial-banner.adoc[opts=optional]

Extend the usefulness of your existing applications and accelerate their transformation to modern Java and the modern web. Vaadin's Modernization Toolkit contains the features and refactoring recipes you need to squeeze the most value possible out of your working, tested applications.

> Thanks to the Modernization Toolkit's automation, your transformation to the latest Vaadin platform can take as much as 90% less effort than it would to rewrite and test from scratch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks to the automation in Modernization Toolkit, your transformation to the latest Vaadin version can take as much as 90% less effort than it would to rewrite and test from scratch.
```
